[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[antennapod.english]
source_file = res/values/strings.xml
source_lang = en
trans.az = res/values-az/strings.xml
trans.ca = res/values-ca/strings.xml
trans.cs_CZ = res/values-cs-rCZ/strings.xml
trans.da = res/values-da/strings.xml
trans.de = res/values-de/strings.xml
trans.es = res/values-es/strings.xml
trans.es_ES = res/values-es-rES/strings.xml
trans.fr = res/values-fr/strings.xml
trans.hi_IN = res/values-hi-rIN/strings.xml
trans.it_IT = res/values-it-rIT/strings.xml
trans.nl = res/values-nl/strings.xml
trans.pt = res/values-pt/strings.xml
trans.pt_BR = res/values-pt-rBR/strings.xml
trans.ro_RO = res/values-ro-rRO/strings.xml
trans.ru = res/values-ru/strings.xml
trans.ru-RU = res/values-ru/strings.xml
trans.ru_RU = res/values-ru/strings.xml
trans.uk_UA = res/values-uk-rUA/strings.xml
trans.zh_CN = res/values-zh-rCN/strings.xml
trans.sv_SE = res/values-sv-rSE/strings.xml

[antennapod.description]
file_filter = description/<lang>.txt
source_file = description/en.txt
source_lang = en

[antennapod.changelog]
file_filter = changelog/<lang>.md
source_file = CHANGELOG.md
source_lang = en

